ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

<!--
Thanks for taking the time to file an issue! The Mailspring community uses GitHub issues to coordinate develpoment.

If you have question about Mailspring or a problem with your email account, search the Knowledge Base to see if it's addressed there. If it's not, join our Slack organization and ask the community:

  - http://support.getmailspring.com/hc/en-us/
  - https://join-mailspring-slack.herokuapp.com/

Our team tries to respond to all GitHub issues. To make sure your issue is actionable, try to include the following information:
-->

##### Are there any related issues?
<!-- Try searching for both open and closed issues here: https://github.com/Foundry376/Mailspring/issues?q=is%3Aissue. Keep in mind that email features are often described differently on different platforms. (Conversations == threads, shortcuts == hotkeys, etc.) -->
...

##### What operating system are you using?
...

##### What version of Mailspring are you using?
...

--

**Bug?**
##### Do you have any third-party plugins installed? If so, which ones?
...

##### Is the issue related to a specific email provider (Gmail, Exchange, etc.)?
...

##### Is the issue reproducible with a particular attachment, message, signature, etc?
<!-- Try to provide an example as a file attachment or a screenshot. -->
...

--

**Feature Request?**
##### Does this feature exist in another mail client or tool you use?
...

Commit message:

Add a note to the ISSUE_TEMPLATE asking for mailsync logs

ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

<!--
Thanks for taking the time to file an issue! The Mailspring community uses GitHub issues to coordinate development.

If you have question about Mailspring or a problem with your email account, search the Knowledge Base to see if it's addressed there. If it's not, join our Slack organization and ask the community:

  - http://support.getmailspring.com/hc/en-us/
  - https://join-mailspring-slack.herokuapp.com/

Our team tries to respond to all GitHub issues. To make sure your issue is actionable, try to include the following information:
-->

##### Are there any related issues?

<!-- Try searching for both open and closed issues here: https://github.com/Foundry376/Mailspring/issues?q=is%3Aissue. Keep in mind that email features are often described differently on different platforms. (Conversations == threads, shortcuts == hotkeys, etc.) -->

...

##### What operating system are you using?

...

##### What version of Mailspring are you using?

...

--

**Bug?**

##### Is this an email sync or connection issue?

<!-- If you're having trouble syncing an account, please zip and attach Mailspring's sync
logs to your issue. From the app's menu, choose Developer > Show Mailsync Logs.
The mailsync-**.log files contain very little PII and lots of debug info! -->

...

##### Is the issue related to a specific email provider (Gmail, Exchange, etc.)?

...

##### Is the issue reproducible with a particular attachment, message, signature, etc?

<!-- Try to provide an example as a file attachment or a screenshot. -->

...

--

**Feature Request?**

##### Does this feature exist in another mail client or tool you use?

...
